c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.deps.json
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.dll
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.pdb
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.dll
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.pdb
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.deps.json
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.dll
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.pdb
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.dll
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebsocketServer.pdb
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\WebsocketServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\appsettings.json
