c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.deps.json
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
c:\users\dtsantakos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebsocketServer\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.deps.json
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
C:\Users\dtsantakos\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.deps.json
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
C:\Users\d.tsantakos\Desktop\RabbitWS\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.deps.json
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.dll
C:\Code\DevLearn\Website\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Website.pdb
